capital = 746
primary_culture = north_italian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.20
civilized = yes
prestige = 5


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = one_year_draft
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legalcitizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders

ruling_party = LUC_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 70
	reactionary = 20
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}


# Technologies

























#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "LUC_oob.txt"

1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	
	hot_blast = 1
	
	medicine = 1
	
	
	
	
	

#Inventions
	john_ramsay_mcculloch = yes
	nassau_william_sr = yes
	james_mill = yes
	ammunition_production = yes
	small_arms_production = yes
	explosives_production = yes
	artillery_production = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	
	
	
	sharp_n_roberts_power_loom = yes
	mechanical_saw = yes
	pitts_threshing_machine = yes
	mechanized_slaughtering_block = yes
	coke = yes
	mechanical_precision_saw = yes
	northrop_power_loom = yes
	pit_coal = yes
}
