capital = 397
primary_culture = north_german
culture = french
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.2
nationalvalue = nv_liberty
literacy = 0.45
civilized = yes
prestige = 1


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = fourteen_hours
safety_regulations = low_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = one_year_draft
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legalcitizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders

ruling_party = LUX_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 20
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 5
	socialist = 5
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies

























#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/LUX_oob.txt"
	plurality = 60
	literacy = 0.80
}
1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	
	
	
	
	
	breech_loaded_rifles = 1
	
	
	
	
	
	military_statistics = 1
	
	
	army_decision_making = 1
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	empiricism = 1
	
	positivism = 1
	
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	nationalism_n_imperialism = 1
	
	associationism = 1
	phenomenalism = 1
	
	
	high_pressure_steam_engine = 1
	compound_steam_engines = 1
	
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	semi_automatization = 1
	
	hot_blast = 1
	puddling = 1
	
	early_railroad = 1
	iron_railroad = 1
	
	medicine = 1
	inorganic_chemistry = 1

#Inventions

}
