capital = 720
primary_culture = north_italian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.45
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.1
civilized = yes
prestige = 10

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legalcitizens_rights = all_voting_pops
border_policy = open_borders

ruling_party = SAR_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 20
	conservative = 70
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

#SAR_1836_setup

# Technologies
























high_pressure_steam_engine = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

schools = army_tech_school

oob = "SAR_oob.txt"

1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies

#Inventions
}
